docs: standardize multi-factor spelling and related string updates (#8752)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/guides/manage/console/default-settings.mdx

- **Password Check Lifetime** specifies after which period a user has to reenter his password during the login process
- **External Login Check Lifetime** specifies after which period a user will be redirected to the IDP during the login process

> - **Multifactor Init Lifetime** specifies after which period a user will be prompted to setup a 2-Factor / Multifactor during the login process (value 0 will deactivate the prompt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Multi-factor Init Lifetime** specifies after which period a user will be prompted to setup a 2-Factor / Multi-factor during the login process (value 0 will deactivate the prompt)
```

- **Second Factor Check Lifetime** specifies after which period a user has to revalidate the 2-Factor during the login process

> - **Multifactor Login Check Lifetime** specifies after which period a user has to revalidate the Multifactor during the login process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Multi-factor Login Check Lifetime** specifies after which period a user has to revalidate the Multi-factor during the login process
```
